Oh
we've just finished shooting and cutting
into deep which is an adventure wildlife
series in which we zoom off around the
planet investigating how animals adapt
to surviving in harsh environments
whether it's the desert or jungles or
mountains or Arctic for example and then
we try and visually demonstrate what's
going on and explain the science behind
it by comparing it to the frailties of
the human body to that usually involves
me being as the title would suggest into
the everywhere you go you find amazing
animals but clearly some experiences
really stand out and in Namibia we ended
up filming desert elephants and unlike
some of the elephants will see elsewhere
in Africa these are really wild really
big really aggressive and territorial
and to see a desert le flappy it is
emerging from the hazing possibly one of
the driest places on the planet it's an
incredible experience but not one that
you want to stay there too long for
because you need to get out of it away
before it plows straight through your
track every single day of every single
shoot evolves getting hot wet muddy ill
bitten beaten up bruised battered and
everything you care to mention in Borneo
just I think particularly the jungle
environments are really really hard
going and in Borneo because it's a swamp
forest you are just up to your waist in
swamp and filth and mud every single day
we did a story about bat-eared foxes
that have incredible hearing and huge
ears and they use these to listen for
bugs that move around under the sound
that they vent dig up and eat and we
tried to go head-to-head with them and
got this little guitar pick up and put
the pickups in the sand and then listen
for beetles movie around so once we
eventually found it much like the batted
Fox who then had to eat it and it was
revolting beetle goo the gifting about
doing this program is because we try and
translate what are these owls are doing
it tends to end leading up some slightly
bizarre demonstrations of what's going
on so for example it can't really spider
which cartwheels at a high rate of knots
down San genes to escape pred
is and so to try and spin at the same
velocity which is 44 revs a second as
the spider we strung together a load of
truck tires and inflated them and then I
was jammed inside and pushed off the top
and went slightly unexpectedly fast and
hurtling down this angie's crashing into
everything in anything you can catch me
and all the animals that we filmed on in
too deep on Animal Planet on sundays at
eight o'clock in evening